I think we have a chance to make this
kind of a life-changing experience and I
think we need it I want to become
brothers again like we used to be you're
the two most important people in the
world to me this is incredible
why haven't we spoken in a year because
we don't trust each other is that my
belt can I borrow it I wants to be
completely open and say yes to
everything even if it's shocking and
painful you have any questions I do okay
go ahead what happened to your face
[Music]
what's going on I don't know I guess the
trains lost what'd he say this is the
trains lost
how can a train be lost it's on Rails
[Music]
what's wrong with you let me think about
that
[Music]
what it bring in this place well
originally I guess we came here on a
spiritual Charmander I love you too but
I'm gonna mace you in the face but that
didn't really pan out
one of the three of us could have been
friends in real life not as brothers but
as people to be continued
[Music]